SUT: https://www.saucedemo.com

Define top 3 most important features:
1. Shopping Cart and Checkout
2. Login and authentication
3. Product Browsing and Selection

Define top 3 least important features:
1. Footer and social media
2. About section in sidemenu
3. Sorting products



For Shopping Cart and Checkout:

Functional Testing: Verify that all features, including the display of images, titles, prices of products, cart updates, and the checkout process, work as expected in automation. Some of those features, less important can be manual.
Integration Testing: Ensure that system components, such as the product database and the order processing system, work seamlessly together. E2E order should be automated.
Performance Testing: Assess how the system performs under heavy load, such as many users simultaneously adding products to their shopping carts. Also for automation, easily done with tools. 
Security Testing: Confirm that the purchasing process is secure, especially when handling payment data and user authentication. Most likely manually tested on-site or externally.

Depending on the project's needs, I will automate repetitive tasks, especially those crucial for regression. Scenarios that are less tedious or more complex, such as third-party integrations, will remain manual.



For Login Authentication and user data

Login Correctness Testing: Ensure that the system properly allows access with valid credentials and denies access with invalid ones.
Security Testing: Implement measures to ensure that authentication data are secure and not susceptible to common attacks such as SQL Injection and Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) as manual tasks.
Error Handling Testing: Test how the system behaves when incorrect login data is entered, including any account lockout mechanisms after multiple failed attempts as automated scenarios.
Password Recovery Testing: Verify the effectiveness and security of the password recovery process, also good for automation. However, additional manual layer of securit could be applied.
Cross-environment Testing: Ensure that the login process functions correctly across different browsers and devices.

Also, validate correctness/incorrectnes user data (first, last names and address during checkout), that broken data cannot make it to checkout to avoid incomplete orders. Can be easily automated usually.



For Product Browsing and Selection:

UI/UX Testing: Ensure that all user interface elements, such as product lists, are displayed correctly and are interactive. Automated easily.
Visual Testing: Automate tests for loading product images and details, and use tools and techniques for visual regression testing, such as for misplacement of buttons. This can be tricky, but with screenshot making tools and automatic comaprison a usefuly solution can be achieved.
Responsiveness Testing: Confirm that the product page adjusts correctly to different screen sizes and devices, especially for different countries and locales.
Browser Compatibility Testing: Ensure that the product browsing and selection feature functions flawlessly across different web browsers.
Sorting Testing: Test the filter functions for products work correctly and return the expected results.
